DOCS-1789: Update for Auth/Network tab removal R2D2 (#2561)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/build/program/apis/sessions.md

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Builder UI" %}}

Navigate to your machine's **CONFIGURE** tab in the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com).

> Find the card belonging to the main {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="part" text="part" >}} of your machine at the top of the nested resource tree.

Author: This might be a little confusing, open to suggestions. It will be at the top of the page in cards and left-hand menu, with the child resources indented off of that

> Find the card belonging to the main {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="part" text="part" >}} of your machine at the top of the nested resource tree.

Author: ```suggestion
Find the card belonging to the appropriate {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="part" text="part" >}} of your machine in the nested resource tree.
```

> Click the card to expand it, then click **Set heartbeat window** to adjust the **Heartbeat Window**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the card to expand it, then click **Set heartbeat window** to adjust the **Heartbeat window**:
```

> {{<imgproc src="/build/program/sessions/heartbeatwindow.png" alt="Heartbeat window configuration screen" resize="400x" declaredimensions=true >}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{<imgproc src="/build/program/sessions/heartbeatwindow.png" alt="Heartbeat window configuration pane in Viam app" resize="400x" declaredimensions=true >}}
```
